[DISCO-2254] Add keyword to Docker image tag for running load tests (#223)
mozilla-services/merino-py: CONTRIBUTING.md

  pass and the code has been reviewed.
- Ideally, your patch should include new tests that cover your changes. It is your and
  your reviewer's responsibility to ensure your patch includes adequate tests.

> - If making documentation changes or minor revisions, you may wish to avoid deployment. Please see the [Preventing deployment via [do not deploy]][release-process] documentation.

Reviewer: All changes should be deployed even minor changes since `main` should reflect the application code running in the production environment.

```suggestion
- If you're solely updating documentation, you may wish to avoid deployment. Please see the [Preventing deployment via [do not deploy]][release-process] documentation.
```
